[WIP] update: Mention `mutate` in useOrganizationList (#310)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/react/use-organization-list.mdx

The `useOrganizationList` hook requires developers to opt-in by specifying which resource they need to fetch and paginate through. It is ideal for infinite lists or tables.

> Under the hood, `useOrganizationList` is powered by SWR in order to support caching and pagination. Part of the return values from this hook are directly exported from useSWR and useSWRInfinite and you can find more information in [their documentation page](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/getting-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, `useOrganizationList` is powered by SWR in order to support caching and pagination. Part of the return values from this hook are directly exported from `useSWR` and `useSWRInfinite`, you can find more information in the [SWR documentation](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/getting-started)
```

> Under the hood, `useOrganizationList` is powered by SWR in order to support caching and pagination. Part of the return values from this hook are directly exported from useSWR and useSWRInfinite and you can find more information in [their documentation page](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/getting-started)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the hood, `useOrganizationList` is powered by SWR in order to support caching and pagination. Part of the return values from this hook are directly exported from `useSWR` and `useSWRInfinite`. You can find more information in the [SWR documentation](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/getting-started).
```

      >
        Load more
      </button>

      <button
        disabled={!isLoaded}
        onClick={async () => {
          await createOrganization({
              name: 'randomOrg' + Date.now(),

>               slug: 'random-org' + Date.now(),

Reviewer 3: We can omit slug here as it's optional and we are looking to phase it out as we are moving forward

>               slug: 'random-org' + Date.now(),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

      >
        Load more
      </button>
        
      <button
        disabled={!isLoaded}
        onClick={async () => {
          await createOrganization({
              name: 'randomOrg' + Date.now(),

>               slug: 'random-org' + Date.now(),

Reviewer 3: Same here about the slug

>               slug: 'random-org' + Date.now(),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

| `fetchNext` | A helper function that triggers the previous page to be loaded. This is the same as `fetchPage(page=> Math.max(0, page + 1))` |
| `hasNextPage` | A boolean that indicates if there are available pages to be fetched. |
| `hasPreviousPage` | A boolean that indicates if there are available pages to be fetched. |

> | `mutate` | A function for mutating the related cache for each paginated list. Also know as [Bound Mutate](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation#bound-mutate). For more details about mutations please visit the [SWR docs](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mutate` | A function for mutating the related cache for each paginated list. Also known as [Bound Mutate](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation#bound-mutate). For more details about mutations please visit the [SWR docs](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation)
```

> | `mutate` | A function for mutating the related cache for each paginated list. Also know as [Bound Mutate](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation#bound-mutate). For more details about mutations please visit the [SWR docs](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `mutate` | A function for mutating the related cache for each paginated list. Also known as [Bound Mutate](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation#bound-mutate). You can find more information about mutations in the [SWR documentation](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/mutation).
```
